Roll Call
=========
Dmitriy, Phill, Jeff, Andrew, Becca, Tomo
  
Officer Reports
===============
- Public Relations
  - Birthday Party x8 (3/7)
    - Went great!
      - Drank all the beer
      - Andrew had to awkwardly pretend to a rabbit that he had NOT just walked by a veggie tray and diddn't think th grab the bunny anything
  - Maker Summit (3/9)
    - Mostly psyching up the fest
  - Chicago MakerFest (5/2)
    - won't happen this yeat
- Treasurer
  - some new members, ome old members rejoined
  - 400 dollars left
    - probably for VR stuff
  - Smooth sailing, otherwise

Open Items
==========
- Digital Asset Clean-up (wiki, Github, Google Drive, etc)
  - Dmitriy started
  - FLaten and reinstall the wiki
  - looking for better asset tracking
- Responded to outstanding Freshdesk tickets
- Front room improvements
  - Becca, Dmitriy, Paul, and Nick met
  - Talked about starting with windows and the wall underneath them
  
Potpourri
=========
- Cancelling some stuff!
- tomorrows meeting on hangouts?
  - let's just consider ourselves a restaraunt for meeting reasons
- Sweet vinyl cutter, dudes!
  - possibly selling the old one to Nick
- spring clean/bonfire for "this hasn't been touched, lets use this or get the hell rid of it"
- board games 4/4 not happening
- go karting
- music theory 3/21 not happening
- power racing? possibly cancelled.
- planting
- Ceiling in the server room is about to go
- Carlos from Studio Gang keeps thinking of us!
