Roll Call
=========
Dmitriy, Tomo, Phill, Andrew
  
Officer Reports
===============
-Nah

Open Items
==========
- Clean-up of digital assets (wiki, Github, Google Drive, etc)
  - Jeff expressed some interest in the wiki
- will gather a group for front room discussions, we have one taker.
  - Possibly Paul and Jeff
  - Tim also, maybe?
- hope to be by for soldering event for photo opps 
- Events:
  - happy hour 1/31
  - birthday party 3/7
  - Patio utilization (with alcohol)
  - Summer Series!
  - good work on the knife sharpening event, Phil!

  
Potpourri
=========
  - Soldering/electronics workshop
    - Late Jan, early Feb
    - money will come out of the programming budget
  - Trademark kerfuffle
    - We can possibly do this through copyright strikes
    - Dmitriy says a logo, logotype and company name have to be filed separately
      - will register in Illinois
    - Dmitriy will learn to file a copyright strike!
    - He will chat more tomorrow
