Roll Call
=========
Andrew, Phill, Dmitriy, Jeff, Fire, Becca, Tomo
  
Officer Reports
===============
- the Unspeakable Subject
  - AC has been installed, Thanks Agocs!
    - dual hose!
   - Possible donation of new Unspeakable Objects
    - hard drives not guaranteed.
- Treasurer
  - Rent update
    - no update
  - 4kish in funds
- Backyard
  - Exists.
  - Tractors would help.
  - As would working in non covid-compliant groups, sadly.
  - take over the back yard? 
    -destroy all hugelkulturs!e
- Members
  - Kinda holding steady
  - Shawn is sponsoring Sara's membership
  
Open Items
==========
- Project bounties
  - Jeff is doing the compressor
  - a group throwing out of things?
    - the 24th?
- Digital Asset Clean-up (wiki, Github, Google Drive, etc)
  - after server stuff/ heat death of universe

- Front room improvements
 - air conditioner up!
 - chunkify the proposal to do incrementally
  - east wall first
   - drop leaf tables?
   - S&L couch/chairs will be burned
- Elections
  - Nominations
    - Everyone but Tomo and John are returning
    - Ziggo / Chomp at large!
    - 
Potpourri
=========
Gearling!
