Roll Call
=========
Dmitriy, Tomo, Phill, Andrew, John, Becca
  
Officer Reports
===============
-Nah

Open Items
==========
- Clean-up of digital assets (wiki, Github, Google Drive, etc)
  - Jeff expressed some interest in the wiki, but not much
- will gather a group for front room discussions, we have one taker.
  - Possibly Paul and Jeff
  - Tim also, maybe?
  - discussion will happen post soldering on the 15th
- hope to be by for soldering event for photo opps 
- Events:
  - happy hour 1/31
    - "was fun"
  - Sad, lonely board games 2/14
  - Soldering 2/15
    - Sold out
    - nobody responded about the fancy kits
  - birthday party 3/7
    - looking for donations again
  - Patio utilization (with alcohol)
  - Summer Series!

  
Potpourri
=========
  - Trademark kerfuffle
    - dude changed his icon
  - Lucy Parsons 
    - info sessions at library
    - Digisec training on the 13th
    - links in the email
  - Fire extinguishers are legit
  - might ad a new tube to the 3d printer
  - table saw is moving again
  - strype is acting strange
    - scheduling problems
    - payments are either over or under
