Board meeting minutes for 2015-12-07

Roll Call: Dmitriy, Jessica, Phil, Ryan, Mason

- Still no word from Carolee about the roof
  - Dmitriy will try to get ahold of John, maybe? Or maybe tackle it via Facebook?
- Buildout progress
  - mostly clean-up this week
  - Front room looks hella nice
  - Caulking the Large Gap, other places need to be caulked too
  - Next weekend, Dmitriy is busy; if someone else wants to work on the second layer of mudding, that would be excellent
- Erin is cooking something up in the wood room with our scrap wood - worktops
- We need to reconstitute and possibly enlarge the dust collection system: jointer is hella dusty
- Lots of Space Improvement Projects
  - dust collection, CNC, gumball dispenser, lathe/mill
  - Can we encourage folks to help with those projects and keep them moving along?
- Phil's Crates
  - He can't hold onto it for too long, but it's nice looking and would be useful for Erin's stuff

- Now that we have the Terrifying Saw, we're going to need to take waivers and certification seriously
  - Do we implement a lockout system for it?
- Let's chat about the little office in the front of the building
  - 150sqft-ish office at the front of the building
  - How much is it? ($250/mo?)
  - Can we afford it? Dunno, but probably not until buildout is complete
  - That said, good to know it's there
- Finances and tax filings
  - No updates :( agocs we miss you
- J is working on the poster; will try to finish the pulltab-y stuff and pass it off
