Meeting Notes 4/05/13
===============

9th floor: Acoustical Wonderland


Notes
-----

- Pending meeting with PS1
	- It's gonna wait until PS1 gets their finances straight
		- PS1's membership is not ready for collaboration
	- Jessica wants to work on our 501(c)3 status in the mean time
- Silkstart
	- Report on Trello
	- tl;dr: Dima threw questions at Silkstart
	- Point: Automating payment
		- Also can automate workflow
	- Pricing is by #members
	- We should sort out 501(c)3 first
	- Swingler wants to look at the documentation
	- Zoho is good for PR and Sales
	- Silkstart is for member management
	- We might wind up having both and making them jive together
	- Competators:
		- Wild Apricot
			- "It's stupid" - Dmitriy
- buildout
	- Emails between Dima, Dustin, Agocs, and Mason
	- Dustin should be coming this week or next week to the meeting
	- Windows
		- Translucen shed siding
	- Hoisting Lockers
		- We should come to a consensus
	- Benches for wood area
	- Pegboard and drywall in metal room
	- Other goodies
	- Bottom line
		- We're gonna meet with him
		- Plan of attack
		- Minimize cost
	- Buildout committee
		- Dima
		- Agocs
		- Dustin

- Bylaws
	- Dmitriy started working on it
		- Reading through 501(c)3 regs
	- Deadline: July 2nd
- weekly meeting agenda
	- Agocs out
	- Upcoming events
		- Girls in computing
		- Business plan workshop
		- Arduino class for general membership
	- Elections
		- July 16
- Ari?
	- Probably won't become a member
- demo Ghost/Wordpress
	- Swingler installed Ghost
	- It's a simple blogging platform
	- It blogs

- re-signing the lease
	- Agocs is opposed
	- We probably should
	- We probably should negotiate
- Elections
	- We should talk to the general public about that
- Chicago South Side Mini Maker Faire (sign-up deadline: June 9)
	- We should sign up or some bullshit
	- Who is signing us up
		- Ryan lost nose goes
		- Agocs volunteered
