Meeting 3/31
Present: Matt/Dmitriy/Mason/Chris S/Jessica

- room is echoey and poorly sealed from the world

Website/FAQ
- need a Real Blog -- agocs teach us to post blogposts, or otherwise move to a different engine
- Dima wants the wiki reskinned to match the website
- FAQ is kinda vague re: us not just being contractors, so we should revisit the A to that FAQ

Fonts
- arial/helvetica/sans-serifs are a fine replacement in browsers/applications that don't allow us to use pretty DIN font
- helvetica preferred

Joint Membership
- Conversation continues, board meeting at PS:1 will hopefully clarify some things
- PS:1 had a full member discussion/vote to approve helping us with the memberships for IGG purposes (YAY)
- probably only have "home hackerspace" in the sense of voting, if full members exist

NSMMF
- Dima set us up the table and stuff
- Probably bring the Reprap, figure out whether or not Nerf stuff will be going on
- Schedule a Nerf hacking event?
  - Set date (After NSMMF)
  - Figure out where (Benton? Our space?)
  - Making sure small screwdrivers are there
  - Prepare a lesson plan-ish thing ("presentation"?)
  - eventbrite

