MEETING AGENDA FOR 2018-10-09
==============================
Roll Call:phil, andrew, jeff, thomas, Christian, Dmitriy

Treasurer Update
  -~$1400
  - most financial stuff is done for the year

CTO Update
  - door works!
  - 911 service works 
  - can we one day tie access control to membership

Bylaws/Procedural Update
  - next board will take care of this
  - meetings once monthly in the future?
    - Perhaps one meeting and one emailmeeting?
  - Financial burden on board membership is possibly a disincentive 
  - WE need a MAL and PR 
  - Facebook management is tentatively covered by board members as needed
  
Area Reports
  - Front Room

  - Rapid Prototyping

  - Back Room/BackYard
    - Window Grate
   

Nominations
  - y'all better accept them

ZenDesk Emails
  - Covered

  
Potpourri
  - Materials for covering the brick
    - To be provided by John Edel
      - For Free
    - No word on the ceiling though
  - Door strike plate needs adjustment

  - Zendesk is being sunset
    - We might need to get regular zendesk
    - a couple seats @ $5/mo *12mo?

  - MattCo's friend
  























