MEETING AGENDA FOR 2018-08-14
==============================
Roll Call: Andrew, Thomas, jeff, Phil


Bylaws/Procedural Update
  - No Update
  
Area Reports
  - Front Room
    - No Update
    - No Mouse sightings
    - Printer Works

  - Rapid Prototyping
    - Area is getting cleaned
    - In preparation for new stuff coming
    - Thermoformer Shipped - Phil will be the certifier
    - 3d Printer Shipped - Nick will set it up and be certifier
    
  - Back Room/BackYard
    - Dmi Mike Phil did some organiztion
    - Server Cabinet AC was leaking
    - AC unit has been maintained but watch out for water
    - Foundry stuff is going to be in the Upside Andrew Space
    - Building Maintenance did some backyard maintenance
    - Preliminary Labels are now on the New tool Chest
    - New electrical Cord
      
Front Door 
  - John Edel has re-aligned our doors
  - Andrew will make the door more secure

Events


ZenDesk Emails
 - Taken Care of
 - 
  
Potpourri
Skilsaw is going to Shawn
Velcro strap for orderliness? Phil may donate some
Phil to acquire grating steel material
Board Meetings once a month?